##PATTERNS IN THE DATA##
Walmart week pattern for the year(4-4-5 week pattern)
First week of every month except november and december have more sales
Customers show pattern in buying, there is more sales on weekends than weekdays, first week of every month has more sales, there are few months which can be capitalised majorly using these patterns. 

##February and August##
In the month of february we can see a spike in the graph, notable events are 14th february Valentine’s day and Super bowl in the same week, here we have two weeks to target, the first week, and mainly the second week.
Departments such as beauty, clothing, jewellery, shoes, bag and accessories can be very lucrative and should be targeted.
August has an unusual spike, as there are no holidays or notable events around that month. After some research we found that around the first-second week of august most of schools and colleges reopen. Departments such as stationery,
clothing, electronics can be targeted.

##October end - December end##
These months are very unpredictable, it cannot be said surely on how high the sales for these months might go. These are the most important months of the year, 
and so the main things have to be seriously taken care of. Firstly, the work force has to be increased according to the needs. 
The inventory has to be closely monitored as products go out of stock quickly in these months. Starting from halloween in october end, thanksgiving in third week of november, black friday in the same week. Christmas and New year in the end of december to complete the holiday season. All departments should be equally monitored. 

##Targeted Depaertments##
The products in these departments should be displayed more, as people have spending patterns,the more the products on display the more will be the sales.
The staff should be trained for specific work in these departments, as these departments will increase the sales.
Rollback offers that walmart offers and claims to be lowest in the market can be put on products in the untargeted departments, so that even those departments make more sales.
Stores located in colder areas have better chance of selling winter goods, so they should be targeted in the months of October, November and December. 
